the participants of the classic our
lady of chiquinquirá the horse
amansaguapo is staying in the last
there they come to tour the
first meters and clear is coming to take
the first place in the second place is
comes looking for location number 8 on
power angel horse in the third
walks out bondi in the fourth runs
the horse number nine the horse
Mr. Amílcar are turning the first
elbow to look for the straight line in front
this classic our lady of
chiquinquirá 2013 face a marking
partial four bodies in the first
place in 23 3 the brand for the first
400 meters karun is dominating the
race in the second row naldo andrés
in the third one he's looking for a location
outside the bondi horse in the room
place goes míster amílcar jointly
with the power rangers brother
Jorge
equally moves inside the
horse that puts this runs about eight
bodies of the tip further back comes
the copies the number 10 the number 11
the amansaguapo horse among the last
50 2 the mark for 800 meters that still
still dominating the classic keeps
four bodies in the first place
the capon horse is fighting the
second with brother Jorge outside
bondi in the fifth place stayed the
power angel horse continues to dominate
expensive in the classic in 74 3 the brand to
1200 meters the bondi horse went to
second try to approach in the third
capon in the room before brother hold
Karun continues with advantage of five bodies
in the first place also the second
is dominating expensive in the classic when
begins at the turn of the last elbow to
interest in the final stretch in the
classic our lady of chiquinquirá
Meat is dominating with Julius Caesar
he's got 56 bodies in the first place
the Caroni horse is dominating the
classic threatens to win
tip the horse names the
classic our lady of chiquinquirá
with the
joules is very easy
the classic in the classic
the second also the third
in the fourth place came to give then
great july
with the brother horses mister
American
to london
and walking in the last the horse of
Golden Eagle